clarify language re profile creation (#1293)
carpentries/instructor-training: _extras/checkout.md

after you have attended your teaching demonstration.

## 4. Tracking Your Progress

> After your instructor training workshop workshop, Carpentries Core Team members will activate

Author: ```suggestion
After your instructor training workshop workshop, Carpentries Core Team members will use your application or profile-creation form to activate
```

Author: I'm making the use of the form more explicit because failure to submit the form is often a sticking point, so it's good to have one more place to remind them that it is necessary.

Reviewer: is it choose once application or profile creation form, or is that two names for the same form. 
If someone has not done this, how would they know? how can a trainer help them if they ask questions about that in a workshop?

> After your instructor training workshop workshop, Carpentries Core Team members will use your application or profile-creation form to activate

Reviewer 2: There is a double "workshop workshop".

> create a profile that you can access in The

Reviewer: this is hard to parse.  doe s it work like:
1. application or profile creations form at time of registration
2. workshop
3. training record added so that progress can be monitored

modificaitons can be made (and github linked) by e-mailing

Author: yes. Basically AMY can take an application and turn it into a "person" profile where training records are tracked, but this requires us to press buttons, which we don't do until after someone has attended an IT event. Would it help to have numbered steps here?

> After you complete this workshop, your application or profile-creation form will be matched to your training record and used to 
> create a profile that you can access in The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<X time> after your instructor training workshop workshop, Carpentries Core Team members will activate
your profile in The
```
maybe simplify it to just what impacts the trainee instead of what happens a little bit?  

Do trainees get notified by AMY when they can access it?

Carpentries database, AMY. You can monitor your checkout progress by [logging on to our database, AMY][amy-login], using your GitHub ID.
If you have any questions or did not provide a GitHub user name in your form, please email us 
at [instructor.training@carpentries.org](mailto: instructor.training@carpentries.org).

> Keeping [your profile][trainee-profile] up to date with a current email address and local airport helps us to keep in touch about teaching

Reviewer: also, I don't see `trainee-profile` defined below?

Author: it's there I think I'm just bad at alphabetizing :)

Reviewer: and i'm bad clicking to view the whole page in PR view.
